was watching the ball game.
was taking a nap.
was building a miniature replica of the venus de milo out of mashed potatoes.
was watching a movie.
was reading a book.
was flipping through some magazines.
was checking their email on a laptop.
was writing a letter.
was painting.
was practicing silly walks.
was having a heated debate over the relevancy of the price of tea in china to anything.
was training a small group of penguins to use MS office tools
was trolling the slashdot forums.
was getting psyched up for their tennis match with Paul Purdom.
was discussing the merits of a socialist government with a particularly articulate goat.
was taking tea.
was assembling one of those really difficult japanese models (y'know, the ones that always seems to be missing parts...).
was counting the texture divots. ceiling paint.
was wondering why its still called MTV if there is no music played,.
was brushing up on Brazilian kick-boxing.
was listening to the radio.
was writing java code.
was learning to speak Icelandic, Japanese, and that really bad nasaly english that Fran Dressier uses all at the same time,.
was preparing to fight an intergalactic war against hunger, poverty, terrorism, and every other horribly bad thing,.
was writing a novel based on Moa Ze'Dong's rise to power,.
was playing with a junior chemist set.
was playing a rather one-sided game of chess,.
was searching for buried treasure beneath the floorboards.
was comparing an american dollar to the counterfeit they'd made with some cardboard and a purple crayon.
was having a lively tea party with 3 stuffed bears and a wildebeast.
was trading collectible baseball cards with themself.
was vigrously disinfecting every flat surface.
was changing the oil.ir car.
was writing a program to discover the meaning of life using nothing but if statments, and 2 ints,.
was convincing a depressed cow that 'honestly, being a steak really wasn't all that bad..',.
was pondering the merits of a farsicle aquatic ceremony being used instead of the normal presidential inauguration.
was avoiding a murderous horde of exploding penguins.
